

## Rock Playlist 

Kansas - Carry On My Wayward Son
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/k/kansas/carry_on_my_wayward_son_ver2_tab.htm

Alice Cooper - No More Mr Nice Guy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/alice_cooper/no_more_mr_nice_guy_ver4_tab.htm

The Police - Spirits in the Material World
http://www.xguitar.com/guitar-tabs/police/ghost_in_the_machine/spirits_in_the_material_world.txt

Dire Straits - Sultans of Swing
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/dire_straits/sultans_of_swing_tab.htm

Dire Straits - Heavy Fuel
http://www.guitaretab.com/d/dire-straits/197356.html

Maria Maria
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/c/carlos_santana/maria_maria_tab.htm

The Smiths - How Soon is Now
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_smiths/how_soon_is_now_ver2_tab.htm

Faith No More - Epic 
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/f/faith_no_more/epic_tab.htm

Metallica - Nothing Else Matters
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/metallica/nothing_else_matters_tab.htm

Faith No More - Zombie Eaters
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/f/faith_no_more/zombie_eaters_tab.htm

Danko Jones - Play The Blues
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/danko_jones/play_the_blues_tab.htm

Faith No More - Surprise You're Dead
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/f/faith_no_more/surprise_youre_dead_tab.htm

Danko Jones - Lovercall
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/danko_jones/lover_call_tab.htm

Alice Cooper - Feed My Frankenstein
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/alice_cooper/feed_my_frankenstein_ver4_tab.htm

Alice Cooper - Snakebite
https://www.songsterr.com/a/wsa/alice-cooper-snakebite-tab-g-s1076

Red Hot Chilli Peppers - Mellowship Slinky in B Major
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/red_hot_chili_peppers/mellowship_slinky_in_b_major_ver2_tab.htm

Fall Out Boy - Sugar We're Going down
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/f/fall_out_boy/sugar_were_going_down_ver2_tab.htm

Are You Going To Be My Girl 
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/j/jet/are_you_gonna_be_my_girl_ver7_tab.htm

Spin Doctors - Two Princes
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/s/spin_doctors/two_princes_tab.htm

Soundgarden - Spoonman 
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/s/soundgarden/spoonman_ver2_tab.htm

## Clean Rock/Acoustic

The Beatles - Something 
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_beatles/something_tab.htm

Carry That Weight
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_beatles/carry_that_weight_tab.htm

## Indie Playlist

Mansun - Wide Open Space
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/mansun/wide_open_space_tab.htm

Shed Seven - Going For Gold
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/s/shed_seven/going_for_gold_tab.htm

Skunk Anansie - Weak
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/s/skunk_anansie/weak_tab.htm

Skunk Anansie - Brazen
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/s/skunk_anansie/brazen_tab.htm

## Hard Rock/Metal

Plush
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/s/stone_temple_pilots/plush_tab.htm

Sleep Now in the Fire 
https://www.azchords.com/r/rageagainstthemachine-tabs-3181/sleepnowinthefireriff-tabs-33984.html

2 Minutes to Midnight
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/i/iron_maiden/2_minutes_to_midnight_ver2_tab.htm

Hallowed be thy name
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/i/iron_maiden/hallowed_be_thy_name_ver2_tab.htm

The Trooper
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/i/iron_maiden/the_trooper_ver5_tab.htm

Fear of the dark
https://www.songsterr.com/a/wsa/iron-maiden-fear-of-the-dark-tab-g-s86181

Aces High
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/i/iron_maiden/aces_high_ver9_tab.htm

Seventh Son
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/i/iron_maiden/seventh_son_of_a_seventh_son_album_tab.htm

Crazy Train 
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/o/ozzy_osbourne/crazy_train_ver2_tab.htm

Black Sabbath - Children of the Grave
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/black_sabbath/children_of_the_grave_ver2_tab.htm

Ash - Lose Control
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/ash/lose_control_tab.htm

Bad Religion - 21st Century Digital Boy
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/bad_religion/21st_century_digital_boy_tab_863012id_21082009date.htm

No Knife - Academy Flight Song
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/n/no_knife/academy_flight_song_tab.htm

## Punk
Alkaline Trio - Mr Chainsaw
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/alkaline_trio/mr_chainsaw_ver2_crd.htm

Alkaline Trio - Private Eye
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/alkaline_trio/private_eye_ver2_crd.htm

Alkaline Trio - Steamer Trunk 
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/a/alkaline_trio/steamer_trunk_tab.htm

Head Automatica - Brooklyn is Burning
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/h/head_automatica/brooklyn_is_burning_ver2_tab.htm

## Prog/Alt Rock

Hum - Stars 
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/h/hum/stars_ver4_tab.htm

Failure - Undone
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/f/failure/undone_tab.htm

Drive Like Jehu - Step on Chamelon
http://www.xtrmntr.com/rockettabs/tabs/steponchameleon.html

Slint - Breadcrumb Trail
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/s/slint/breadcrumb_trail_tab.htm

Jets of Brazil - Crown of the Valley
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/j/jets_to_brazil/crown_of_the_valley_tab.htm

Drive Like Jehu - Caress
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/d/drive_like_jehu/caress_tab.htm

Slint - Washer
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/s/slint/washer_tab.htm

These Arms Are Snakes - Horse Girl
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/these_arms_are_snakes/horse_girl_tab.htm

These Arms Are Snakes - Subtle Body
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/these_arms_are_snakes/subtle_body_tab.htm

## Metal

Rob Zombie - Living Dead Girl
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rob_zombie/living_dead_girl_ver2_tab.htm

Metallica - Nothing Else Matters
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/m/metallica/nothing_else_matters_tab.htm

Papa Roach - Infest 
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/p/papa_roach/infest_tab.htm

Billy Talent - Worker Bees  
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/billy_talent/worker_bees_ver3_tab.htm

Billy Talent - Fallen Leaves
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/billy_talent/fallen_leaves_tab.htm

Billy Talent - Where is the Line
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/b/billy_talent/where_is_the_line_tab.htm

## Ska/Punk

Goldfinger - Superman
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/g/goldfinger/superman_ver3_tab.htm

Rancid - Time Bomb
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rancid/time_bomb_ver3_tab.htm

Rancid - Ruby Soho
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rancid/ruby_soho_tab.htm

Rancid - Olympia
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rancid/olympia_wa_ver2_tab.htm

RX Bandits - What If
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rx_bandits/what_if_tab.htm

RX Bandits - Gun in Your Hand
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/r/rx_bandits/gun_in_your_hand_tab.htm

RX Bandits - Wrong With Me

## Math Rock

You Slut - Why Pourquoi - I Think I Like You
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/s/slut/why_pourquoi_i_think_i_like_you_tab.htm

## Gothic Rock

The Cure - Lullaby
https://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com/t/the_cure/lullaby_ver3_tab.htm
